respond to review comments (#41)
lsst/rtn-095: drp.tex

%Fake reals refer to injected stars successfully detected by DIA, while bogus represent all other detections.
%In this second round of training, only stars were injected into the dataset.
On the \gls{LSSTComCam} test set, the model achieved an accuracy of 98.06\%, purity of 97.87\%, and completeness of 98.27\%.

> As discussed in \S \ref{sec:performance:dia}, the injections used to train this model version do not capture all types of astrophysical variability, so performance on the test set will not be representative for variable stars, comets, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As discussed in \secref{sec:performance:dia}, the injections used to train this model version do not capture all types of astrophysical variability, so performance on the test set will not be representative for variable stars, comets, etc.
```
